# Off Board Blink
This repository includes documetation of the impelmentation of the MSP430G2553 20 pin chip on a breadboard to blink 2 red LEDS with reset functionality. As a result, the necessary source file (main.c) specific to the MSP430G2553. Essentially, the code programmed to the chip is identical to the multiple blink code, simply enhanced with reset functionality. Also included in this repository is a detailed explanation of the reset circuit and proper electrical components, and power operations to ensure that the chip was not fried and proper blink and reset functionality was achieved.
## "Circuit"
In the beginning part of the exercise, I would say that you can use the 5V/3.3V rails built into the development board by running wires. However, I would recommend looking into how to supply the processor from something like a battery or the power supply. You might want to look into different types of regulators. For example, your circuits may be powered off of a battery that is only 1.8V, or on a system that can only supply you with 13V.

## "Power Supply and Electronic Components required?"
You remember those parts bins in the back of the teaching labs? They contain most everything you will need to do this portion of the lab. You should really make a effort to try and replicate what is on those development boards on the breadboard so you can begin to see what is needed to design with a microcontroller. Mess around with different color LEDS and see if they behave the same as the simple Red LEDs.
